chore: update README.md (#139)
instill-ai/vdp: README.md

## Highlights

- 🚀 **[The fastest way to build end-to-end visual data pipelines](https://www.instill.tech/docs/core-concepts/pipeline)** - building a pipeline is like assembling LEGO blocks

- ⚡️ **[High-performing backends](https://www.instill.tech/docs/prepare-models/overview)** implemented in Go with Triton Inference Server for unleashing the full power of NVIDIA GPU architecture (e.g., concurrency, scheduler, batcher) supporting TensorRT, PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX, Python and more.

- 🖱️ **[One-click import & deploy ML/DL models]((https://www.instill.tech/docs/import-models/overview))** from GitHub, Hugging Face or cloud storage managed by version control tools like DVC or ArtiVC

- 📦 **[Standardised CV Task](https://www.instill.tech/docs/core-concepts/cv-task)** structured output formats to streamline with data warehouse

- 🔌 **[Pre-built ETL data connectors](https://www.instill.tech/docs/core-concepts/connector)** for extensive data access integrated with Airbyte

- 🪢 **[Build pipelines for diverse scenarios](https://www.instill.tech/docs/core-concepts/pipeline#mode)** - **SYNC** mode for real-time inference and **ASYNC** mode for on-demand workload

> - 🧁 **[Scalable API-first microservice design for great developer experience](https://product-website-ocsqyfm11-instill-ai.vercel.app/docs/start-here/faq#tech)** - seamless integration to modern data stack at any scale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🧁 **[Scalable API-first microservice design for great developer experience](https://www.instill.tech/docs/start-here/faq#tech)** - seamless integration to modern data stack at any scale
```

> - 🤠 **[Build for every Vision AI and Data practitioner](https://product-website-ocsqyfm11-instill-ai.vercel.app/docs/start-here/faq#essentials)** - The no-/low-code interface helps take off your AI Researcher/AI Engineer/Data Engineer/Data Scientist hat and *put on the all-rounder hat* to deliver more with VDP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🤠 **[Build for every Vision AI and Data practitioner](https://www.instill.tech/docs/start-here/faq#essentials)** - The no-/low-code interface helps take off your AI Researcher/AI Engineer/Data Engineer/Data Scientist hat and *put on the all-rounder hat* to deliver more with VDP
```
